#### Repository Tools

Note: these tools must be run from the root directory of the repository, e.g.

    ./tools/generate_coverage.sh

## Summary of Tools
- `constant_reporter.py`: Scans flight software for tracked constants and writes them to a file in the root-level flight software repository.
- `generate_autogenerated_files.sh`: A useful developer utility for generating the flight software's autogenerated files so that the pull request CI checks do not complain about outdated autogenerated files.
- `generate_coverage.sh`: after running desktop unit tests via `run_desktop_tests.sh`, this file can be used to generate a coverage report
- `reformat_code.sh`: runs Clang formatter on the entire repository.
- `run_ground_tests.sh`: Runs unit tests for ground utilities, such as the downlink parser, uplink producer, and telemetry information generator.
- `verify_adcs_builds_full.sh`: Runs a full set of ADCS software environment builds.
- `verify_adcs_builds.sh`: Runs a reduced set of ADCS software environment builds, to check ADCS software builds in CI.
- `verify_teensy_builds_full.sh`: Ensures that all Teensy environments for flight software compile correctly.
- `verify_teensy_builds.sh`: Ensures that a reduced set of flight software Teensy environments compile correctly. This test is run in CI.

Travis CI runs the files `verify_teensy_builds.sh` and `run_desktop_tests.sh` in parallel. After running `run_desktop_tests.sh` it also runs `generate_coverage.sh`.

Separately, Travis CI updates the coverage data to Coveralls (this is not part of the coverage generator script, so that only remote build data gets pushed to Coveralls.)
